Document easy back-channel communication from function to eventing backend (#11752)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/serverless/08-04-trigger-function-with-event.md

    ```text
    User created: 123456789
    ```

> ## Publish a Cloud Event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Publish CloudEvents
```

> This section shows how to publish a Cloud Event using the Functions SDK based on the previous steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section shows how to publish CloudEvents using the Functions SDK based on the previous steps.
```

> 1. Change the Function's code and replace `<event type>` with a destination event type:​

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change the Function's code and replace `<event type>` with the desired event type:​
```

        // Alternatively, you can build a Cloud Event object manually to get more control over object's fields:
        // let ce = {
        //   'eventtypeversion': <event eventtypeversion>,
        //   'specversion': <event specversion>,
        //   'source': <event source>,
        //   'data': <event data>,
        //   'type': <event type>,
        //   'id': <event id>,
        //  };
        let ce = event.buildResponseCloudEvent(
          "A234-4321-4321",
          "<event type>",
          "sample event data"
        );

        event.publishCloudEvent(ce);
        console.log("done");
      }
    }
    ```

2. Send an event manually to trigger the Function:

    ```bash
    curl -v -H "Content-Type: application/cloudevents+json" https://gateway.{CLUSTER_DOMAIN}/{APP_NAME}/events -k --cert {CERT_FILE_NAME} --key {KEY_FILE_NAME} -d \
      '{
        "ce-specversion": "1.0",
        "ce-source": "{APP_NAME}",
        "ce-type": "sap.kyma.custom.$APP_NAME.$EVENT_TYPE.v1",
        "ce-eventtypeversion": "v1",
        "ce-id": "A234-1234-1234",
        "data": "123456789",
        "datacontenttype": "application/json"
      }'
    ```

> 3. After sending an event, you should get this result from logs of your Function's latest Pod:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following message in the logs of your Function's latest Pod confirms that your CloudEvents is sent properly:
```

    ```text
    publish an event
    done
    ```

>     > This log shows that everything is ok and the Cloud Event is sent properly

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
